feat: mid-circuit measurement via ionq.qasm3.v1 (#258)
qiskit-community/qiskit-ionq: README.md

The ideal simulator does not produce per-shot data; calling `get_memory()` on a job submitted without `memory=True` raises `IonQBackendError`.

> ### Mid-circuit measurement

Reviewer: (very minor)
```suggestion
### Mid-circuit measurements
```

Author: done

> Circuits that reuse a qubit after measuring it — plus mid-circuit `reset` and classical control flow — are submitted automatically as OpenQASM 3 (`ionq.qasm3.v1`); no extra flags needed. Outcomes are reported per declared classical register, matching Qiskit's usual register-split formatting. Single-circuit submissions only; pass `error_mitigation`/`symmetry_verification`, `include_leakage`, or `verbatim` via `job_settings`. OpenQASM 3 jobs run on the simulator and mid-circuit-measurement-capable QPUs (Tempo); other targets reject them server-side. Classical-register names that collide with OpenQASM 3 reserved words (e.g. `output`, `input`, `measure`) are rejected at submission — rename them.

Reviewer: imho it's good to rephrase this start of the paragraph a bit:
* First: mention that mid-circuit measurements are supported;
* Second: personally, I'd distinguish mcm, qubit reuse and the likes, mention them separately and then mention the point about using OpenQASM 3, as they are different features. Imo this is important because e.g., "simple mcm" can work without qubit reuse, control flow, etc..
* Push down OpenQASM 3 note: users don't **need** to know about this detail, until it becomes important because of the target constraints (simulator + Tempo).

```suggestion
The IonQ provider supports circuits with mid-circuit measurements, qubit reuse and further instructions like a mid-circuit `reset` or classical control flow. Outcomes are reported per declared classical register, matching Qiskit's usual register-split formatting. Single-circuit submissions only; pass `error_mitigation`/`symmetry_verification`, `include_leakage`, or `verbatim` via `job_settings`.

Note that circuits that contain mid-circuit measurements are submitted automatically as OpenQASM 3 (`ionq.qasm3.v1`) - no extra flags needed. OpenQASM 3 jobs run on the simulator and mid-circuit-measurement-capable QPUs (Tempo); other targets reject them server-side. Classical-register names that collide with OpenQASM 3 reserved words (e.g. `output`, `input`, `measure`) are rejected at submission — rename them.
```

Author: Reworked it — features up front, the OpenQASM 3 stuff in a second paragraph. Thanks for the wording.

```python
from qiskit import QuantumCircuit, QuantumRegister, ClassicalRegister

qr = QuantumRegister(1, "q")
mid = ClassicalRegister(1, "mid")
result = ClassicalRegister(2, "result")
qc = QuantumCircuit(qr, mid, result)

qc.h(0)
qc.measure(0, mid[0])      # mid-circuit measurement
qc.x(0)
qc.measure(0, result[0])   # qubit reused after measurement
qc.x(0)

> qc.measure(0, result[1])

Reviewer: imho good to add an example for control flow too, if fitting and possibly keeping the example still succinct

Author: Added an `if_test` block to the example.
